hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about
the invitation
the story starts with our main character
will who i almost mistaken for the guy
in venom and his girlfriend kira
they're going to this dinner party of
some sort from will's ex-wife who
disappeared about two years ago
first of all i would very much hesitate
to go to a party which my ex-wife hosted
and secondly i would never bring my
current girlfriend along
you know the conversation between them
can never be good for you
anyways we find out that his ex-wife is
already with someone
and they met in some sort of grief
counseling group
before you know it boom they hid
something with their car
it turned out to be a coyote and being a
good person
will decided to put the animal out of
its misery
but come on man did you have to use a
car
iron i mean he whacked the poor thing a
couple times but
what if it's still not dead but anyways
that's not the main point
this scene is very important and we will
come back to it at the end
as it's pretty much a metaphor for this
entire movie
the couple arrives at this gigantic
house which will used to live in
they meet their old friends the asian
lady miss uptight
mr chubby and the two guys that dress
like mario and luigi
we find out that the asian lady's
boyfriend did not arrive
even though everyone else is here on top
of that
there is conveniently very poor signal
just another element we need for
everyone to not survive
if something goes wrong then the ex-wife
comes in
dressed like galadriel from lord of the
rings let's just say that their meeting
was beyond awkward and things get even
worse
when daario from game of thrones turns
out to be the ex-wife's new squeeze
i have to say i'm not surprised at all
mr tom hardy then gazes to the side and
sees this woman staring at him from the
master's bedroom
she turns around and the lights shine on
her legs
yep that's right guys she's not wearing
any pants
at this point i would think either i'm
hallucinating
or something really wrong is going on
what's even more shocking is that this
crazy girl turned out to be real
and hopped on over and gave mr game of
thrones a passionate kiss right in front
of the ex-wife
on top of all that the ex-wife did not
seem to mind it at all
this is where my cult radar lit up are
those three in some sort of swinger cult
that allows sex between all members
but demands some sort of sacrifice that
makes it very tempting
but not worth joining like ever
the ex-wife seems emotionally stable but
i had a feeling that underneath
she's in great turmoil a flashback shows
us that mr venom
struggled greatly with the ex-wife in
their previous marriage for reasons we
still don't know
back into the kitchen the ex-wife tries
to reconcile with the husband
and is interrupted by mr chubby this is
when we see her true
nature since she slapped the poor dude
right across the face
just because he made an innocent joke
about her views
throughout the film we see the husbands
struggle to function
because of this unspecified traumatic
event
and i suspect that the ex-wife is going
through the same thing
only she is hiding it whereas the
husband shows it up front
their different choices of dealing with
grief as a parent
which may explain why they separated in
the first place
while the husband is having a chat with
the uptight lady
he sees another stranger enter the house
who looks like bellick
from prison break right away my inner
alarm is screaming as i do not for a
second of my life trust that
psychopathic looking dude with the bald
head
i would also be wondering why there are
so many strangers in the supposed
reunion between old friends
the husband also noticed that mr game of
thrones locks the door
right after mr prison break enters the
house which he shrugs off as just a
precaution
because of the recent robbery around the
area as the night progresses the husband
sees some weird things such as the
ex-wife hiding what appears to be
sedatives
in her drawer i guess we all know now
what her secret is to emotional
well-being
we're given more and more flashbacks of
the husband's previous marriage
and the fact that they apparently had a
son my guess is that somehow the son
died which triggered their mental
breakdown the group is then gathered
around to what i can only say
is a sales pitch for joining a cult mr
game of thrones shows everyone a video
of this heaven skates looking dude
giving blessing to this woman as she
dies treating
death as if it's a good thing they then
play this
game where everyone takes turns to
express what they want
the twist here is that mr game of
thrones actually encourages those
desires to be fulfilled
such as giving the asian lady coke and
allowing the ex-wife to passionately
kiss mr chubby
while everyone watches the craziest
thing
is that mr hairless psychopath here
actually tells everyone how psychopathic
he really is
as he killed his wife in a state of rage
seven years ago
all this has made the uptight lady too
uncomfortable
and she decided to leave unfortunately
her car is blocked by the wife killer
and they went off together as the
husband watches suspiciously
mr prison break stops her just before
she drives off
but what happened between them can only
be left to interpretation
for now the husband wanders around again
and this time finds the crazy girl by
herself making
faces you can only find in the exorcist
she notices him and tries to seduce him
aggressively by the pool
fortunately the husband is wise enough
to know not to dip his fries in crazy
sauce
and refuses our main character then
receives a message from the asian lady's
boyfriend
stating that he was actually here
earlier however we never
saw him at all which seems to confirm
with the husband's suspicion
that something sinister is going on here
he rashly charges into the house and
shouts at the hosts and demands an
explanation for the asian guy's
disappearance
everyone's emotions escalates to a
breaking point
and then the asian guy suddenly appears
apparently he went back to work after
arriving early
our main character is super confused at
this point
as he himself begins to doubt his own
judgment
he experiences a mental breakdown and
goes
into his son's room it is confirmed here
by flashbacks
that his son indeed died due to an
accident
he decides to go to the group and make
amends before he saw the ex-wife's
boyfriend light a ghostly looking
lantern in the backyard
he also discovers another video of the
cult leader
this reassures his prior suspicions once
again
and he rejoins the group which now is
celebrating their reunion via a toast of
wine
he smashes their wine glasses before
anyone except the asian lady
can drink it the crazy girl goes really
crazy this time and attacks the husband
saying that he has ruined it he pushes
her which then leads to her falling on
her head
they discovered that the asian lady was
indeed poisoned
as she now lays dead with white foam
coming out of her mouth mr mario rushes
over and tries to help her
but is promptly shot by daario from game
of thrones
all hell breaks loose when the wife
killer gets the gun from the host
and just starts massacring everyone like
in grand theft auto
the survivors ran but could not escape
as
all doors were locked and all windows
were barred from the outside
as the wife killer stalks them kira
managed to get the upper hand and
smashed his skulls in
like she was negan from the walking dead
the ex-wife picks up the gun
and shoots her protagonist but misses
any vital organs
she feels extremely guilty of what she
has become
and then proceeds to shoot herself
fatally in the stomach
mr game of thrones tries to go after the
couple but is stopped
and fatally wounded by good old luigi
mr tom hardy laments and brings the
ex-wife out of the house with the help
of his girlfriend
the ex-wife dies in the backyard while
saying that she misses their son
very much mr luigi survived this ordeal
with the couple
and the three embraces to comfort each
other they look into the hillside
and realizes that every single house has
a lantern exactly like the one they have
and police sirens can be heard
everywhere it is clear at this point
that this was a mass called suicide
and they're not out of the woods yet as
there are likely more cult members
killing their friends
this movie ultimately is about how to
deal with grief and lost
the husband chooses to face reality
whereas the wife
chooses denial and essentially death
she believed that ending suffering is
more important
than enduring it just like how the
husband ended the life of the coyote in
the beginning of the film
due to mercy the same mindset can be
said to the cult
as they ended everyone's life because
they believe it is the right thing to do
so what do you guys think about this
film please leave it in the comments
below
and if you like my videos please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time